It's said that when an object is treated with care. a soul will come to inhabit it
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
So when trash is thrown out
what comes to inhabit it?
It's ruined.
What a shame. We only just bought it. too.
Mending it would just make it
look worse. I'm sure.
There's nothing else to be done.
Let's buy you a new one.
Yeah.
Let's buy a kitty cat next!
Of course. dear.
Humans think nothing of turning an object into trash
To dismiss it as filth
never to hold any value again
They do this to other humans. too
Gachiakuta
Don't move!
Who are you? Only authorized personnel
are allowed in this area.
You're that trash raider. aren't you?!
A disgusting degenerate who's threatening
the beauty of our city by hoarding trash!
Just give yourself up!
Trash!
Get back here!
Found him!
Don't let him get away!
He's fast!
Stop!
He went this way!
Find that trash raider. no matter what!
Bunch of shitheads.
I'm not threatening anything.
You assholes.
Episode 1
"The Sphere"
Hey. did you hear?
There was another trash raid last night.
Really? What kind of person
runs off with trash?
I'm sure it was those tribesfolk—
Oh. tribesfolk.
Disgusting. Look at how filthy he is!
I wish they'd stick to their side!
Seems like the whole city's talking about it.
The trash raider. huh?
Gotta be him again. right?
Wish he'd knock it off.
He'll bring the Apostles down on us all.
Rudo.
Did you go to pick up trash again?
Chiwa.
The cityfolk are super picky
about trash management!
There's no telling what they'll do
if they catch you.
So why do you keep picking up trash?
The wealthy are always throwing out
perfectly usable things.
I can't help but feel sorry for them.
Also. it helps me make money
to cover my living expenses.
You really love trash. huh. Rudo?
No. it's not about—
Man. what a stink!
I think we've tracked down
the source of the trash stench!
Hey. Chiwa's here too.
What's your problem?
You're gonna pick up the stink
if you hang out with him.
This loser wears those
filthy gloves all the time.
One touch and they'll give you a rash. I bet.
No one's gonna buy the garbage
this loser fixes up.
You ever seen it?
What he's got under those gloves
is creepy as hell!
So what? We're no different than him.
Nah. hanging out with him's a bad idea.
He's the son of a homicidal maniac.
The slums here were originally
built to lock away criminals.
and we're their descendants or something.
We all work hard and keep our noses clean
to try to rehabilitate our image.
But this guy's dad screwed it all up
by going on a killing spree!
If you hang out with him.
they'll assume you're just as bad as—
S-See? The eyes of a criminal!
It's true what they say—Like father. like son.
You're gonna be a murderer
too someday. jerkwad.
Why would I...
Wasn't that an awful thing to say?
You're nothing like your father.
I believe in you.
You're a good person.
You couldn't kill anybody.
Y-Yeah?
Th-Tha—
Look at this one! He's adorable!
Did you fix him up?
You really are incredible.
I-I thought you might...
Th-That one's not for sale...
I thought you might...
Chiwa.
Mom!
What are you doing? Let's get home now.
See you later. Rudo!
I told you to stay away from that boy.
But Mom...
I'm ba—
Th-That one's not for sale.
I thought you might...
That was it. right?
Regto! Were you w-w-watchi...
You gotta be clearer about how you feel.
And anyway...
Let's talk about your
little trash raid last night.
Listen up.
We're not so hard up that you gotta
put yourself at risk like that.
Just let me handle things
until you're grown up.
I'm not at risk.
They never found me before.
But they found you last night. right?
I know what you're thinking.
We're not related by blood.
But we're still family.
Stop acting like you owe me something.
Regto. You found me abandoned
as a baby and raised me.
It's not like I owe you something.
I'm just showing my respect. as family.
Rudo.
Sure wish you could be that honest with Chiwa.
W-We weren't talking about Chiwa!
Ow!
Huh? Where'd you get that wound?
Did someone shoot you?!
N-No! This isn't—
Give me a look.
I'll change the bandages
on your hands while I'm at it.
Take off the gloves.
Stay away from the dumpsites. okay?
You might get it even worse next time.
Seriously. it's not that bad.
Compared to the wounds
my dad left me with. anyway.
Major crimes are an instant death sentence—
a drop into the Pit.
That's been the rule of this city
since ancient times.
Your father was thrown into the Pit.
So you should take care of yourself
and the things you care about.
Even in this shit heap of a world.
My hands have been pitch black like this
for as long as I can remember.
Sometimes this incredible pain
runs through them.
The stares of people unnerved
by the sight of my injury
wore down my spirit a lot when I was a kid.
That was when Regto gave me these gloves.
They were beat-up like this even then.
but they reduced the pain.
I owe Regto more than I can ever repay.
Anyway. Rudo.
You'd better tell Chiwa how you feel fast.
or someone's gonna take her from you.
She's such a cutie. y'know?
Go give her this tomorrow
with a sweet li'l kiss.
Like hell!
He's pretty lowbrow. though.
Do it. or you won't get fed!
Why do I have to?!
I'm saying this for your own good!
Fix that sour look of yours. too!
Go on! Smile!
You're gonna tear my face open!
Smile...
If you can't smile with your own power.
learn how to act like someone who can.
Talking like he knows so much...
There's no way it'll work
with a face like mine.
Stupid busybody.
Guess she'll still be home now?
They say the Pit is a giant trash dump.
All trash ends up there in the end.
And anyone who commits a crime
eventually ends up
in the Pit.
Send the filth to the Pit!
That blackness swallowed up my father. too.
So I hear.
What happens to the people sent down there?
They're sending down another criminal. huh?
Yeah...
Morning.
Ch-Chiwa!
Fancy running into you!
Don't see you around here often.
Oh. well...
It's a pretty awful view. huh?
In a lot of ways...
No different than anywhere
else in the slums. right?
I heard they built the slums
on the edge of the city
so they could drive it into our heads...
"If you do anything bad. it's the Pit for you."
It's awful. don't you think?
Everyone who lives here has to see
the executions. whether we want to or not.
Hey. Rudo.
I don't want to see you thrown in there.
I know there's a lot of trash that
doesn't deserve to be thrown out.
but if you put yourself in danger
and get caught just for that...
You really could end up getting sent to the Pit.
Regto said the same thing.
He worries about you
because he loves you. too.
Loves me. huh?
Loves me... too?
Oh. I didn't mean it like—
Um... um...
R-Rudo?
Huh?
That stuffed animal...
Th-This... I just saw it and
thought you might like it. so...
You might not like it.
since it came from the dump.
But I thought it'd be happier with you
than just sitting there.
So...
He's lovely. I'll treasure him forever.
I've gotta tell Regto right away.
Can't wait to hear what he says.
What are Apostles doing here?
Did something happen?
No way...
I've gotta tell him... I mean. brag!
But I bet what he'll say is. "go back there
and actually say the words to her."
I'm back. Listen up. Regto.
I ran into Chiwa and--
Hey. welcome back. Rudo.
Wh...
What the hell did you do?!
Son of a...
Get... back here...
...do...
Rudo...
...run...
Regto...
Run... Run...
Regto!
Why?
Why did they...
I'll get help! You're gonna pull through!
Rudo!
Run!
Change this shit heap of a world!
Why?
Clear!
Turn yourself in!
We caught you red-handed!
We're taking you in for murder!
Why...
What are you talking about?
No... It wasn't me.
Why would I do something like this?!
Besides. Regto's still alive...
Don't be stupid!
You can't talk your way out of this. murderer!
You're covered in his blood!
No! It wasn't me!
The real killer just ran off!
Go get him—
Be quiet. murderer!
Hang on. You have to listen—
You can't talk your way
out of this. tribesfolk filth!
I said you've got it all wrong! Listen!
This is bullshit! I—
Hey. did you hear?
Rudo finally killed someone.
And his adoptive father. at that.
I knew he was bad news!
No way... Did Rudo really?
You have besmirched this beautiful.
sacred land with your heinous act.
Not content to simply steal trash
and befoul our city.
you committed the far more filthy
sin of taking the life of another!
Even if the victim was a mere tribesfolk.
those who commit murder
must not stay in these lands
for one second longer!
You are hereby sentenced to death!
Send the filth to the Pit!
Send the filth to The Pit!
The Pit shall consume all filth!
Send the filth to the Pit!
What the hell is going on?
How could this have happened?
I didn't... I didn't do it.
Please.
Please. someone listen to me!
Chiwa! Regto's been killed!
Please. you have to find the culprit!
I believed in you.
But you really are a murderer's son.
Send the filth to the Pit!
You're the real filth here.
Piles of shit with no will of your own.
You've got eyes and ears.
but you don't use them to see or to listen.
Just worthless lumps of flesh.
I'm gonna send you all...
That's him.
I'll send you to hell.
All of you...
All you people...
Every one of you...
I'll kill you a—
What the...
Am I...
The hell is that smell?!
What is this place?
They sent me to the Pit. and then...
They said it was a giant dumpsite.
The Pit. where all filth ends up—
trash. people. all of it—
It really was hell.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-